README.md, before:

# arceo

``` text
> A soft-blocklist against social media, news, entertainment & consumerism
```

Add [this url](https://codeberg.org/polarhive/arceo/raw/branch/main/lists/all.txt) to uBlock Origin - under ``custom filter lists``

Alternatively, append it to your `/etc/hosts` file for hard-blocking sites.

## What's soft-blocking? 

When you use uBlock Origin - you can temporarily whitelist the site to load content should you need it. Cold Turkey? Block websites systemwide. Append the blocklist to your `/etc/hosts` file. But unblocking sites takes a bit more time. This friction should work to your advantage.

## Wanna add a site? 

Sure send me an [email](mailto:polarhive@riseup.net?subject=arceo-entry) or use [this](https://polarhive.ml/contact/) form.

## Criteria?

Anything that has a feed, primarily news sites & mainstream social media, sites that have anti-user behaviour like tracking or unwanted `recommendation engines` waiting to feed you more content, wasting your time. Feel free to fork this project & use tune it to your needs. I block Facebook, Reddit, Twitter, YouTube & other mainstream social media in my config.

## Why did you make this?

Generally I get all my news via RSS feeds via [newsboat](https://polarhive.ml/dots), in pure plain-text, so I don't hard block sites in my hosts file. I don't like recommendation engines when I'm browsing. I want things to be static, not disturb my workflow.

### What's with the name?

``` text
arceo - Latin word meaning ~ 'keeping away' or 'preventing'
```
---
This repo is hosted on [Codeberg](https://polarhive.ml/arceo) & mirrored to [GitHub](https://polarhive.ml/github) for traffic.

[![license: GPLv3 or Later](https://polarhive.ml/assets/badges/gpl-3.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt)

Commit message:

add more sites, backlink blog post

README.md, after:

# arceo

``` text
> A soft-blocklist against social media, news, entertainment & consumerism
```

Add [this url](https://codeberg.org/polarhive/arceo/raw/branch/main/lists/all.txt) to uBlock Origin - under ``custom filter lists``

Alternatively, append it to your `/etc/hosts` file for hard-blocking sites.

## What's soft-blocking? 

When you use uBlock Origin - you can temporarily whitelist the site to load content should you need it. Cold Turkey? Block websites systemwide. Append the blocklist to your `/etc/hosts` file. But unblocking sites takes a bit more time. This friction should work to your advantage.

## Wanna add a site? 

Sure send me an [email](mailto:polarhive@riseup.net?subject=arceo-entry) or use [this](https://polarhive.ml/contact/) form.

## Criteria?

Anything that has a feed, primarily news sites & mainstream social media, sites that have anti-user behavior like tracking or unwanted `recommendation engines` waiting to feed you more content, wasting your time. Feel free to fork this project & use tune it to your needs. I block Facebook, Reddit, Twitter, YouTube & other mainstream social media in my config.

## Why did you make this?

Generally I get all my news via RSS feeds via [newsboat](https://polarhive.ml/dots), in pure plain-text, so I don't hard block sites in my hosts file. I don't like recommendation engines when I'm browsing. I want things to be static, not disturb my workflow. [Here's](https://polarhive.ml/blog/rss-feeds/) a blog post I've written about it.

### What's with the name?

``` text
arceo - Latin word meaning ~ 'keeping away' or 'preventing'
```
---
This repo is hosted on [Codeberg](https://polarhive.ml/arceo) & mirrored to [GitHub](https://polarhive.ml/github) for traffic.

[![license: GPLv3 or Later](https://polarhive.ml/assets/badges/gpl-3.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt)
